---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Kamera

## Kamera: An Spieler Binden
Move the camera back to centering on the player, locking into position when the player moves. Optionally allows locking to follow player in only horizontal or vertical axis.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Kamera: An Spieler Binden"} fields={[{"key":"speed","width":"50%","label":"Geschwindigkeit","description":"The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.","type":"cameraSpeed","defaultValue":0},{"key":"axis","width":"50%","label":"Achse sperren","description":"Set if either horizontal axis, vertical axis or both should be locked.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[["x","H","Horizontal"],["y","V","Vertikal"]],"allowMultiple":true,"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":["x","y"]}]} />

- **Geschwindigkeit**: The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.  
- **Achse sperren**: Set if either horizontal axis, vertical axis or both should be locked.  

## Kamera: Bewegen Zu Position
Move the camera to a new position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Kamera: Bewegen Zu Position"} fields={[{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:xpos"}},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:ypos"}}]},{"key":"speed","label":"Geschwindigkeit","description":"The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.","type":"cameraSpeed","defaultValue":0}]} />

- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  
- **Geschwindigkeit**: The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.  

## Kamera: Rütteln
Shake the camera for a period of time.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Kamera: Rütteln"} fields={[{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"time","type":"number","label":"Duration","description":"Length of time to shake camera for in seconds or frames.","min":0,"max":60,"step":0.1,"defaultValue":0.5,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"time","unitsAllowed":["time","frames"],"conditions":[{"key":"units","ne":"frames"}]},{"key":"frames","label":"Duration","description":"Length of time to shake camera for in seconds or frames.","type":"number","min":0,"max":3600,"width":"50%","defaultValue":30,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"time","unitsAllowed":["time","frames"],"conditions":[{"key":"units","eq":"frames"}]},{"key":"shakeDirection","label":"Movement Type","description":"Choose if camera should shake only in horizontal or vertical axis or if should shake in both directions.","hideLabel":true,"type":"moveType","defaultValue":"horizontal","flexBasis":30,"flexGrow":0}]}]} />

- **Duration**: Length of time to shake camera for in seconds or frames.  
- **Movement Type**: Choose if camera should shake only in horizontal or vertical axis or if should shake in both directions.  

## Bildschirm: Einblenden
Fade the scene from a blank screen.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Bildschirm: Einblenden"} fields={[{"key":"speed","label":"Geschwindigkeit","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2"}]} />

- **Geschwindigkeit**: The speed of the fade animation.  

## Bildschirm: Ausblenden
Fade the scene to a blank screen.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Bildschirm: Ausblenden"} fields={[{"key":"speed","label":"Geschwindigkeit","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2"}]} />

- **Geschwindigkeit**: The speed of the fade animation.  

