---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Input

## Attach Script To Button
Run the specified script any time a joypad button is pressed.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Attach Script To Button"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Button","description":"The joypad button to check.","type":"input","defaultValue":["b"]},{"key":"override","type":"checkbox","label":"Override default button action","description":"Set if the script should replace the default game action for the specified button.","defaultValue":true},{"key":"__scriptTabs","type":"tabs","defaultValue":"press","values":{"press":"On Press"}},{"key":"true","label":"On Press","description":"The script to run when the button is pressed.","type":"events","allowedContexts":["global","entity"],"conditions":[{"key":"__scriptTabs","in":[null,"press"]}]}]} />

- **Button**: The joypad button to check.  
- **Override default button action**: Set if the script should replace the default game action for the specified button.  
- **On Press**: The script to run when the button is pressed.  

## If Joypad Input Held
Conditionally run part of the script if the specified joypad button is currently pressed. Will not wait for user input and will only execute once, if you wish to run a script every time a button is pressed use Attach Script To Button instead.

**References**  
[/docs/scripting/script-glossary/input#attach-script-to-button](/docs/scripting/script-glossary/input#attach-script-to-button)  
<ScriptEventPreview title={"If Joypad Input Held"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Any of","description":"The input buttons to check.","type":"input","defaultValue":["a","b"]},{"key":"true","label":"True","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Else","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"False","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Any of**: The input buttons to check.  
- **True**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **False**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Pause Script Until Input Pressed
Pauses the script until one of the specified joypad buttons are pressed.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Pause Script Until Input Pressed"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Any of","description":"The input buttons to check.","type":"input","defaultValue":["a","b"]}]} />

- **Any of**: The input buttons to check.  

## Remove Button Script
Remove an attached script from a joypad button restoring the default functionality of the button.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Remove Button Script"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Remove script attached to input","description":"The joypad button to remove the attached script from.","type":"input","defaultValue":["b"]}]} />

- **Remove script attached to input**: The joypad button to remove the attached script from.  

