---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Math

## Control Flow
### If Math Expression
Conditionally execute part of the script if the specified math expression evaluates to true.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"If Math Expression"} fields={[{"key":"condition","label":"Condition","description":"The condition to evaluate.","type":"value","defaultValue":{"type":"expression","value":""}},{"key":"true","label":"True","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Else","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"False","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Condition**: The condition to evaluate.  
- **True**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **False**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

### Loop While Math Expression
Run part of the script in a loop while an expression is true.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Loop While Math Expression"} fields={[{"key":"condition","label":"Condition","description":"The condition to evaluate.","type":"value","defaultValue":{"type":"expression","value":""}},{"key":"true","type":"events"}]} />

- **Condition**: The condition to evaluate.  

## Random
### Seed Random Number Generator
Place this to run in response to user input to ensure random numbers change between playthroughs.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Seed Random Number Generator"} fields={[{"label":"Place this to run in response to user input to ensure random numbers change between playthroughs"}]} />


## Variables
### Evaluate Math Expression
Set a variable to the result of evaluating a math expression.

**References**  
[/docs/scripting/math-expressions](/docs/scripting/math-expressions)  
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Evaluate Math Expression"} fields={[{"key":"variable","label":"Variable","description":"The variable to use.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","width":"50%"},{"key":"expression","label":"Expression","description":"The expression to evaluate.","type":"matharea","rows":5,"placeholder":"e.g. 5 + (6 * $health)...","defaultValue":""}]} />

- **Variable**: The variable to use.  
- **Expression**: The expression to evaluate.  

### Math Functions
Allows you to perform various maths functions on a variable to add/subtract/multiply/divide/modulus a value/variable/random number.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Math Functions"} fields={[{"key":"vectorX","label":"Variable","description":"The variable to use.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"},{"key":"operation","label":"Operation","description":"The operation to use for modifying the variable value.","type":"select","options":[["set","Set To"],["add","Add"],["sub","Subtract"],["mul","Multiply"],["div","Divide"],["mod","Modulus"]],"defaultValue":"set","width":"50%"},{"key":"other","label":"Value","description":"The value to combine with the variable using the selected operation.","type":"select","options":[["true","True"],["false","False"],["var","Variable"],["val","Value"],["rnd","Random"]],"defaultValue":"true","width":"50%"},{"key":"vectorY","type":"variable","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"var"}],"defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"},{"key":"value","type":"number","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"val"}],"min":-32768,"max":32767,"defaultValue":"0"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"minValue","type":"number","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"rnd"}],"min":-32768,"max":32767,"label":"Min value","description":"The minimum value for the random range.","hideFromDocs":true,"defaultValue":"0","width":"50%"},{"key":"maxValue","type":"number","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"rnd"}],"min":-32768,"max":32767,"label":"Max value","description":"The maximum value for the random range.","hideFromDocs":true,"defaultValue":"32767","width":"50%"}]},{"key":"clamp","type":"checkbox","label":"Clamp value between 0 and 255","hideFromDocs":true,"conditions":[{"key":"operation","in":["add","sub","mul"]}],"defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Variable**: The variable to use.  
- **Operation**: The operation to use for modifying the variable value.  
- **Value**: The value to combine with the variable using the selected operation.  

