---
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

# GBVM Operations

## Core

### VM_STOP

```gbvm
VM_STOP
```
 Stops execution of context.  

### VM_PUSH_CONST

```gbvm
VM_PUSH_CONST VAL
```
 Pushes immediate value to the top of the VM stack.  
- **VAL**:  Immediate value to be pushed.  

### VM_POP

```gbvm
VM_POP N
```
 Removes the top values from the VM stack.  
- **N**:  Number of values to be removed from the stack.  

### VM_CALL

```gbvm
VM_CALL ADDR
```
 Calls script by near address.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the script subroutine.  

### VM_RET

```gbvm
VM_RET
```
 Returns from the near call.  

### VM_RET_N

```gbvm
VM_RET_N N
```
 Returns from the near call and clears N arguments on stack.  
- **N**:  Number of arguments to be removed from the stack.  

### VM_GET_FAR

```gbvm
VM_GET_FAR IDX, SIZE, BANK, ADDR
```
 Gets byte or word by the far pointer into variable.  
- **IDX**:  Target variable.  
- **SIZE**:  Size of the object to be acquired:  
`.GET_BYTE` - Get 8-bit value.  
`.GET_WORD` - Get 16-bit value.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the object  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the object  

### VM_LOOP

```gbvm
VM_LOOP IDX, LABEL, N
```
 Loops while variable is not zero, by the near address.  
- **IDX**:  Loop counter variable.  
- **LABEL**:  Jump label for the next iteration.  
- **N**:  Amount of values to be removed from stack on exit.  

### .CASE

```gbvm
.CASE VAL, LABEL
```
### VM_SWITCH

```gbvm
VM_SWITCH IDX, SIZE, N
```
 Compares variable with a set of values, and if equal, jumps to the specified label.  
Values for testing may be defined with the .CASE macro, where VAL parameter is a value for testing and LABEL is a jump label.  
- **IDX**:  Variable for compare.  
- **SIZE**:  Amount of entries for test.  
- **N**:  Amount of values to be cleaned from stack on exit.  

### VM_JUMP

```gbvm
VM_JUMP LABEL
```
 Jumps to near address.  
- **ARG0**:  Jump label.  

### VM_CALL_FAR

```gbvm
VM_CALL_FAR BANK, ADDR
```
 Calls far routine (inter-bank call).  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the routine.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the routine.  

### VM_RET_FAR

```gbvm
VM_RET_FAR
```
 Returns from the far call.  

### VM_RET_FAR_N

```gbvm
VM_RET_FAR_N N
```
 Returns from the far call and removes N arguments from stack.  
- **N**:  Number of arguments to be removed from stack.  

### VM_INVOKE

```gbvm
VM_INVOKE BANK, ADDR, N, PARAMS
```
 Invokes C function until it returns true.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the function.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the function, currently 2 functions are implemented:  
`_wait_frames`  - Wait for N vblank intervals.  
`_camera_shake` - Shake camera N times.  
- **N**:  Number of arguments to be removed from stack on return.  
- **PARAMS**:  Points the first parameter to be passed into the C function.  

### VM_BEGINTHREAD

```gbvm
VM_BEGINTHREAD BANK, THREADPROC, HTHREAD, NARGS
```
 Spawns a thread in a separate context.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of a thread function.  
- **THREADPROC**:  Address of a thread function.  
- **HTHREAD**:  Variable that receives the thread handle.  
- **NARGS**:  Amount of values from the stack to be copied into the stack of the new context.  

### VM_IF

```gbvm
VM_IF CONDITION, IDXA, IDXB, LABEL, N
```
 Compares two variables using for condition.  
- **CONDITION**:  Condition for test:  
`.EQ`   - Variables are equal.  
`.LT`   - A is lower than B.  
`.LTE`  - A is lower or equal than B.  
`.GT`   - A is greater than B.  
`.GTE`  - A is greater or equal than B.  
`.NE`   - A is not equal to B.  
- **IDXA**:  A variable.  
- **IDXB**:  B variable.  
- **LABEL**:  Jump label when result is TRUE.  
- **N**:  Number of values to be removed from stack after evaluating the condition.  

### VM_PUSH_VALUE_IND

```gbvm
VM_PUSH_VALUE_IND IDX
```
 Pushes a value on VM stack or a global indirectly from an index in the variable.  
- **IDX**:  Variable that contains the index of the variable to be pushed on stack.  

### VM_PUSH_VALUE

```gbvm
VM_PUSH_VALUE IDX
```
 Pushes a value of the variable onto stack.  
- **IDX**:  Variable to be pushed.  

### VM_RESERVE

```gbvm
VM_RESERVE N
```
 Reserves or disposes amount of values on stack.  
- **N**:  Positive value - amount of variables to be reserved on stack, negative value - amount of variables to be popped from stack.  

### VM_SET

```gbvm
VM_SET IDXA, IDXB
```
 Assigns variable B to variable A.  
- **IDXA**:  Variable A.  
- **IDXB**:  Variable B.  

### VM_SET_CONST

```gbvm
VM_SET_CONST IDX, VAL
```
 Assigns immediate value to the variable.  
- **IDX**:  Target variable.  
- **VAL**:  Source immediate value.  

### VM_RPN

```gbvm
VM_RPN
```
 Reverse Polish Notation (RPN) calculator, returns result(s) on the VM stack.  

### .R_INT8

```gbvm
.R_INT8 ARG0
```
### .R_INT16

```gbvm
.R_INT16 ARG0
```
### .R_REF

```gbvm
.R_REF ARG0
```
### .R_REF_IND

```gbvm
.R_REF_IND ARG0
```
### .R_REF_SET

```gbvm
.R_REF_SET ARG0
```
### .R_REF_SET_IND

```gbvm
.R_REF_SET_IND ARG0
```
### .R_REF_MEM

```gbvm
.R_REF_MEM TYP, ADDR
```
### .R_REF_MEM_SET

```gbvm
.R_REF_MEM_SET TYP, ADDR
```
### .R_OPERATOR

```gbvm
.R_OPERATOR ARG0
```
### .R_STOP

```gbvm
.R_STOP
```
### VM_JOIN

```gbvm
VM_JOIN IDX
```
 Joins a thread.  
- **IDX**:  Thread handle for joining.  

### VM_TERMINATE

```gbvm
VM_TERMINATE IDX
```
 Kills a thread.  
- **IDX**:  Thread handle for killing.  

### VM_IDLE

```gbvm
VM_IDLE
```
 Signals thread runner that context is in a waitable state.  

### VM_GET_TLOCAL

```gbvm
VM_GET_TLOCAL IDXA, IDXB
```
 Gets thread local variable.  
- **IDXA**:  Target variable.  
- **IDXB**:  Thread local variable index.  

### VM_IF_CONST

```gbvm
VM_IF_CONST CONDITION, IDXA, B, LABEL, N
```
 Compares a variable to an immediate value.  
- **CONDITION**:  Condition for test:  
`.EQ`   - Variables are equal.  
`.LT`   - A is lower than B.  
`.LTE`  - A is lower or equal than B.  
`.GT`   - A is greater than B.  
`.GTE`  - A is greater or equal than B.  
`.NE`   - A is not equal to B.  
- **IDXA**:  A variable.  
- **B**:  Immediate value to be compared with.  
- **LABEL**:  Jump label when result is TRUE.  
- **N**:  Number of values to be removed from stack after evaluating the condition.  

### VM_GET_UINT8

```gbvm
VM_GET_UINT8 IDXA, ADDR
```
 Gets unsigned int8 from WRAM.  
- **IDXA**:  Target variable.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the unsigned 8-bit value in WRAM.  

### VM_GET_INT8

```gbvm
VM_GET_INT8 IDXA, ADDR
```
 Gets signed int8 from WRAM.  
- **IDXA**:  Target variable.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the signed 8-bit value in WRAM.  

### VM_GET_INT16

```gbvm
VM_GET_INT16 IDXA, ADDR
```
 Gets signed int16 from WRAM.  
- **IDXA**:  Target variable.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the signed 16-bit value in WRAM.  

### VM_SET_UINT8

```gbvm
VM_SET_UINT8 ADDR, IDXA
```
 Sets unsigned int8 in WRAM from variable.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the unsigned 8-bit value in WRAM.  
- **IDXA**:  Source variable.  

### VM_SET_INT8

```gbvm
VM_SET_INT8 ADDR, IDXA
```
 Sets signed int8 in WRAM from variable.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the signed 8-bit value in WRAM.  
- **IDXA**:  Source variable.  

### VM_SET_INT16

```gbvm
VM_SET_INT16 ADDR, IDXA
```
 Sets signed int16 in WRAM from variable.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the signed 16-bit value in WRAM.  
- **IDXA**:  Source variable.  

### VM_SET_CONST_INT8

```gbvm
VM_SET_CONST_INT8 ADDR, VAL
```
 Sets signed int8 in WRAM to the immediate value.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the signed 8-bit value in WRAM.  
- **VAL**:  Immediate value.  

### VM_SET_CONST_UINT8

```gbvm
VM_SET_CONST_UINT8 ADDR, VAL
```
 Sets unsigned int8 in WRAM to the immediate value.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the unsigned 8-bit value in WRAM.  
- **VAL**:  Immediate value.  

### VM_SET_CONST_INT16

```gbvm
VM_SET_CONST_INT16 ADDR, VAL
```
 Sets signed int16 in WRAM to the immediate value.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the signed 16-bit value in WRAM.  
- **VAL**:  Immediate value.  

### VM_INIT_RNG

```gbvm
VM_INIT_RNG IDX
```
 Initializes RNG seed with the value from the variable.  
- **IDX**:  Seed value.  

### VM_RANDOMIZE

```gbvm
VM_RANDOMIZE
```
 Initializes RNG seed.  

### VM_RAND

```gbvm
VM_RAND IDX, MIN, LIMIT
```
 Returns random value between MIN and MIN + LIMIT.  
- **IDX**:  Target variable.  
- **MIN**:  Minimal random value.  
- **LIMIT**:  Range of the random values.  

### VM_LOCK

```gbvm
VM_LOCK
```
 Disables switching of VM threads.  

### VM_UNLOCK

```gbvm
VM_UNLOCK
```
 Enables switching of VM threads.  

### VM_RAISE

```gbvm
VM_RAISE CODE, SIZE
```
 Raises an exception.  
- **CODE**:  Exception code:  
`EXCEPTION_RESET`        - Resets the device.  
`EXCEPTION_CHANGE_SCENE` - Changes to a new scene.  
`EXCEPTION_SAVE`         - Saves the state of the game.  
`EXCEPTION_LOAD`         - Loads the saved state of the game.  
- **SIZE**:  Length of the parameters to be passed into the exception handler.  

### VM_SET_INDIRECT

```gbvm
VM_SET_INDIRECT IDXA, IDXB
```
 Assigns variable that is addressed indirectly to the other variable.  
- **IDXA**:  Variable that contains the index of the target variable.  
- **IDXB**:  Source variable that contains the value to be assigned.  

### VM_GET_INDIRECT

```gbvm
VM_GET_INDIRECT IDXA, IDXB
```
 Assigns a variable to the value of variable that is addressed indirectly.  
- **IDXA**:  Target variable.  
- **IDXB**:  Variable that contains the index of the source variable.  

### VM_TEST_TERMINATE

```gbvm
VM_TEST_TERMINATE FLAGS
```
 Terminates unit-testing immediately.  
- **FLAGS**:  Terminate flags:  
`.TEST_WAIT_VBL` - Wait for VBlank before terminating.  

### VM_POLL_LOADED

```gbvm
VM_POLL_LOADED IDX
```
 Checks that VM state was restored and resets the restore flag.  
- **IDX**:  Target result variable.  

### VM_PUSH_REFERENCE

```gbvm
VM_PUSH_REFERENCE IDX
```
 Translates IDX into absolute index and pushes result to VM stack.  
- **IDX**:  Index of the variable.  

### VM_CALL_NATIVE

```gbvm
VM_CALL_NATIVE BANK, PTR
```
 Calls native code by the far pointer.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the native routine.  
- **PTR**:  Address of the native routine.  

### VM_MEMSET

```gbvm
VM_MEMSET DEST, VALUE, COUNT
```
 Clears VM memory.  
- **DEST**:  First variable to be cleared.  
- **VALUE**:  Variable containing the value to be filled with.  
- **COUNT**:  Number of variables to be filled.  

### VM_MEMCPY

```gbvm
VM_MEMCPY DEST, SOUR, COUNT
```
 Copies VM memory.  
- **DEST**:  First destination variable.  
- **SOUR**:  First source variable.  
- **COUNT**:  Number of variables to be copied.  

## Actor

### VM_ACTOR_MOVE_TO

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_MOVE_TO IDX
```
 Moves actor to a new position.  
- **IDX**:  points to the beginning of the pseudo-structure that contains these members:  
`ID`   - Actor number.  
`X`    - New X-coordinate of the actor.  
`Y`    - New Y-coordinate of the actor.  
`ATTR` - Bit flags:  
`.ACTOR_ATTR_H_FIRST`    - Move horizontal first.  
`.ACTOR_ATTR_CHECK_COLL` - Respect collisions.  
`.ACTOR_ATTR_DIAGONAL`   - Allow diagonal movement  

### VM_ACTOR_MOVE_CANCEL

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_MOVE_CANCEL ACTOR
```
 Cancels movement of actor.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  

### VM_ACTOR_ACTIVATE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_ACTIVATE ACTOR
```
 Activates actor.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_DIR

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_DIR ACTOR, DIR
```
 Sets direction of actor.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **DIR**:  One of these directions:  
`.DIR_DOWN`   - Actor faces down.  
`.DIR_RIGHT`  - Actor faces right.  
`.DIR_UP`     - Actor faces up.  
`.DIR_LEFT`   - Actor faces left.  

### VM_ACTOR_DEACTIVATE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_DEACTIVATE ACTOR
```
 Deactivates actor.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM ACTOR, ANIM
```
 Sets actor animation.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **ANIM**:  Animation number.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_POS

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_POS IDX
```
 Sets actor position.  
- **IDX**:  points to the beginning of the pseudo-structure that contains these members:  
`ID`   - Actor number.  
`X`    - New X-coordinate of the actor.  
`Y`    - New Y-coordinate of the actor.  

### VM_ACTOR_EMOTE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_EMOTE ACTOR, AVATAR_BANK, AVATAR
```
 Sets actor emotion.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **AVATAR_BANK**:  Bank of the avatar image.  
- **AVATAR**:  Address of the avatar image.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_BOUNDS

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_BOUNDS ACTOR, LEFT, RIGHT, TOP, BOTTOM
```
 Sets actor bounding box.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **LEFT**:  Left boundary of the bounding box.  
- **RIGHT**:  Right boundary of the bounding box.  
- **TOP**:  Top boundary of the bounding box.  
- **BOTTOM**:  Bottom boundary of the bounding box.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_SPRITESHEET

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_SPRITESHEET ACTOR, SHEET_BANK, SHEET
```
 Sets actor spritesheet.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **SHEET_BANK**:  Bank of the sprite sheet.  
- **SHEET**:  Address of the sprite sheet.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_SPRITESHEET_BY_REF

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_SPRITESHEET_BY_REF ACTOR, FAR_PTR
```
 Sets actor spritesheet using far pointer in variables.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number  
- **FAR_PTR**:  points to the pseudo-struct that contains the address of the sprite sheet:  
`BANK` - Bank of the sprite sheet  
`DATA` - Address of the sprite sheet  

### VM_ACTOR_REPLACE_TILE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_REPLACE_TILE ACTOR, TARGET_TILE, TILEDATA_BANK, TILEDATA, START, LEN
```
 Replaces tile in the actor spritesheet.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **TARGET_TILE**:  Tile number for replacement.  
- **TILEDATA_BANK**:  Bank of the tile data.  
- **TILEDATA**:  Address of the tile data.  
- **START**:  Start tile in the tile data array.  
- **LEN**:  Amount of tiles to be replaced.  

### VM_ACTOR_GET_POS

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_GET_POS IDX
```
 Gets actor position.  
- **IDX**:  points to the beginning of the pseudo-structure that contains these members:  
`ID`   - Actor number.  
`X`    - X-coordinate of the actor.  
`Y`    - Y-coordinate of the actor.  

### VM_ACTOR_GET_DIR

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_GET_DIR IDX, DEST
```
 Gets actor direction.  
- **IDX**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **DEST**:  Target variable that receive the actor direction.  

### VM_ACTOR_GET_ANGLE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_GET_ANGLE IDX, DEST
```
 Gets actor angle.  
- **IDX**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **DEST**:  Target variable to receive the actor angle.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM_TICK

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM_TICK ACTOR, TICK
```
 Sets actor animation tick.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **TICK**:  Animation tick.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_MOVE_SPEED

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_MOVE_SPEED ACTOR, SPEED
```
 Sets actor move speed.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **SPEED**:  Actor move speed.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_FLAGS

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_FLAGS ACTOR, FLAGS, MASK
```
 Sets actor flags.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **FLAGS**:  Bit values to be set or cleared:  
`.ACTOR_FLAG_PINNED`      - Pin/unpin the actor.  
`.ACTOR_FLAG_HIDDEN`      - Hide/show actor.  
`.ACTOR_FLAG_ANIM_NOLOOP` - Disable animation loop.  
`.ACTOR_FLAG_COLLISION`   - Disable/enable collision.  
`.ACTOR_FLAG_PERSISTENT`  - Set persistent actor flag.  
- **MASK**:  Bit mask of values to be set or cleared.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_HIDDEN

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_HIDDEN ACTOR, HIDDEN
```
 Hides or shows actor.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **HIDDEN**:  `.ACTOR_VISIBLE` shows actor, `.ACTOR_HIDDEN` hides actor.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_COLL_ENABLED

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_COLL_ENABLED ACTOR, ENABLED
```
 Enables or disables actor collisions.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **ENABLED**:  `.ACTOR_COLLISION_DISABLED` disables actor collision, `.ACTOR_COLLISION_ENABLED` enables actor collision.  

### VM_ACTOR_BEGIN_UPDATE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_BEGIN_UPDATE ACTOR
```
 Begins actor update script.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  

### VM_ACTOR_TERMINATE_UPDATE

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_TERMINATE_UPDATE ACTOR
```
 Terminates actor update script.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM_FRAME

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM_FRAME ACTOR
```
 Sets actor animation frame.  
- **ACTOR**:  Pseudo-struct that contains these members:  
`ID`    - Actor number.  
`FRAME` - Animation frame.  

### VM_ACTOR_GET_ANIM_FRAME

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_GET_ANIM_FRAME ACTOR
```
 Gets actor animation frame.  
- **ACTOR**:  Pseudo-struct that contains these members:  
`ID`    - Actor number.  
`FRAME` - Animation frame.  

### VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM_SET

```gbvm
VM_ACTOR_SET_ANIM_SET ACTOR, OFFSET
```
 Sets actor animation set.  
- **ACTOR**:  Variable that contains the actor number.  
- **OFFSET**:  Animation set number.  

## Camera

### VM_CAMERA_MOVE_TO

```gbvm
VM_CAMERA_MOVE_TO IDX, SPEED, AFTER_LOCK
```
 Moves the camera to a new position.  
- **IDX**:  Start of the pseudo-structure which contains the new camera position:  
`X` - X-coordinate of the camera position.  
`Y` - Y-coordinate of the camera position.  
- **SPEED**:  Speed of the camera movement.  
- **AFTER_LOCK**:  Lock status of the camera after the movement:  
`.CAMERA_LOCK`   - Lock camera by X and Y.  
`.CAMERA_LOCK_X` - Lock camera by X.  
`.CAMERA_LOCK_Y` - Lock camera by Y.  
`.CAMERA_UNLOCK` - Unlock camera.  

### VM_CAMERA_SET_POS

```gbvm
VM_CAMERA_SET_POS IDX
```
 Sets the camera position.  
- **IDX**:  Start of the pseudo-structure which contains the new camera position:  
`X` - X-coordinate of the camera position.  
`Y` - Y-coordinate of the camera position.  

## Color

### .DMG_PAL

```gbvm
.DMG_PAL COL1, COL2, COL3, COL4
```
### .CGB_PAL

```gbvm
.CGB_PAL R1,G1,B1 R2,G2,B2 R3,G3,B3 R4,G4,B4
```
### VM_LOAD_PALETTE

```gbvm
VM_LOAD_PALETTE MASK, OPTIONS
```
## Game Boy

### VM_LOAD_TILESET

```gbvm
VM_LOAD_TILESET IDX, BANK, BKG
```
Loads a new tileset into the background VRAM tiles starting at a given tile id (`IDX`).  

### VM_SET_SPRITE_VISIBLE

```gbvm
VM_SET_SPRITE_VISIBLE MODE
```
 Sets visibility of sprite layer. Has priority over VM_ACTOR_SET_HIDDEN.  
- **MODE**:  Mode:  
`.SPRITES_SHOW` - Show sprite layer.  
`.SPRITES_HIDE` - Hide sprite layer.  

### VM_SHOW_SPRITES

```gbvm
VM_SHOW_SPRITES
```
 Macro for SET_SPRITES_VISIBLE .SPRITES_SHOW.  

### VM_HIDE_SPRITES

```gbvm
VM_HIDE_SPRITES
```
 Macro for SET_SPRITES_VISIBLE .SPRITES_HIDE.  

### VM_INPUT_WAIT

```gbvm
VM_INPUT_WAIT MASK
```
 Waits to receive an input.  
- **MASK**:  Input mask.  

### VM_INPUT_ATTACH

```gbvm
VM_INPUT_ATTACH MASK, SLOT
```
 Attaches a script to an input.  
- **MASK**:  Input mask.  
- **SLOT**:  Slot containing script to attach.  

### VM_INPUT_GET

```gbvm
VM_INPUT_GET IDX, JOYID
```
 Gets input from joypad. Up to 4 joypads are supported when using SGB.  
- **IDX**:  Target variable that receives result.  
- **JOYID**:  Joypad to get input from:  
`.JOY0` - Joypad 0.  
`.JOY1` - Joypad 1.  
`.JOY2` - Joypad 2.  
`.JOY3` - Joypad 3.  

### VM_CONTEXT_PREPARE

```gbvm
VM_CONTEXT_PREPARE SLOT, BANK, ADDR
```
 Assigns a script to a slot for VM_INPUT_ATTACH.  
- **SLOT**:  Slot to assign to.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the script.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the script.  

### VM_OVERLAY_SET_MAP

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SET_MAP IDX, X_IDX, Y_IDX, BANK, BKG
```
 Copies a tilemap starting at a given tile ID (`IDX`) to the overlay at a position.  
- **IDX**:  Tile ID where tilemap starts.  
- **X_IDX**:  X position on the overlay.  
- **Y_IDX**:  Y position on the overlay.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of tilemap.  
- **BKG**:  Tilemap.  

### VM_GET_TILE_XY

```gbvm
VM_GET_TILE_XY TILE_IDX, X_IDX, Y_IDX
```
 Gets the tile ID of background tile at a position.  
- **TILE_IDX**:  Target variable that receives the tile ID.  
- **X_IDX**:  X position of background tile.  
- **Y_IDX**:  Y position of background tile.  

### VM_REPLACE_TILE

```gbvm
VM_REPLACE_TILE TARGET_TILE_IDX, TILEDATA_BANK, TILEDATA, START_IDX, LEN
```
 Replaces one or more background tiles with background tiles from a tileset.  
- **TARGET_TILE_IDX**:  Tile ID of starting old tile.  
- **TILEDATA_BANK**:  Bank number of tileset containing new tiles.  
- **TILEDATA**:  Tileset containing new tiles.  
- **START_IDX**:  Tile ID of starting new tile.  
- **LEN**:  Number of tiles to replace.  

### VM_POLL

```gbvm
VM_POLL IDX_EVENT, IDX_VALUE, MASK
```
 Waits for an input event, music routine event or both.  
- **IDX_EVENT**:  Target variable that receives event flag (either 1 for input or 2 for music routine).  
- **IDX_VALUE**:  Target variable that receives the value of the event.  
- **MASK**:  Which event(s) to wait for:  
`.POLL_EVENT_INPUT` - Wait for input event.  
`.POLL_EVENT_MUSIC` - Wait for music routine event.  

### VM_SET_SPRITE_MODE

```gbvm
VM_SET_SPRITE_MODE MODE
```
 Sets sprite mode.  
- **MODE**:  Sprite mode to set:  
`.MODE_8X8`  - 8*8 sprites  
`.MODE_8X16` - 8*16 sprites  

### VM_REPLACE_TILE_XY

```gbvm
VM_REPLACE_TILE_XY X, Y, TILEDATA_BANK, TILEDATA, START_IDX
```
 Replaces a single background tile at a position with a background tile from a tileset.  
- **X**:  X position of old background tile.  
- **Y**:  Y position of old background tile.  
- **TILEDATA_BANK**:  Bank number of tileset containing new tile.  
- **TILEDATA**:  Tileset containing new tile.  
- **START_IDX**:  Tile ID of new tile.  

### VM_INPUT_DETACH

```gbvm
VM_INPUT_DETACH MASK
```
 Removes an attached script from an input.  
- **MASK**:  Input mask  

## GB Printer

### VM_PRINTER_DETECT

```gbvm
VM_PRINTER_DETECT ERROR, DELAY
```
 Detects printer.  
- **ERROR**:  Target variable that receives the result of detection.  
- **DELAY**:  Detection timeout.  

### VM_PRINT_OVERLAY

```gbvm
VM_PRINT_OVERLAY ERROR, START, HEIGHT, MARGIN
```
 Prints up to HEIGHT rows of the overlay window (must be multiple of 2).  
- **ERROR**:  Target variable that receives the result of printing.  
- **START**:  Start line of the overlay window.  
- **HEIGHT**:  Amount of lines to print.  
- **MARGIN**:  Lines to feed after the printing is finished.  

## Load and Save

### .SAVE_SLOT

```gbvm
.SAVE_SLOT SLOT
```
### VM_SAVE_PEEK

```gbvm
VM_SAVE_PEEK RES, DEST, SOUR, COUNT, SLOT
```
 Reads variables from a save slot.  
- **RES**:  Result of the operation.  
- **DEST**:  First destination variable to be read into.  
- **SOUR**:  First source variable in the save slot.  
- **COUNT**:  Number of variables to be read.  
- **SLOT**:  Save slot number.  

### VM_SAVE_CLEAR

```gbvm
VM_SAVE_CLEAR SLOT
```
 Erases data in save slot.  
- **SLOT**:  Slot number.  

## Math

### VM_SIN_SCALE

```gbvm
VM_SIN_SCALE IDX, IDX_ANGLE, SCALE
```
 Returns result of sine function.  
- **IDX**:  Sine scale (multiplies result) and also target variable that receives result.  
- **IDX_ANGLE**:  Angle to pass into function. This value starts at 0 (pointing up) and increments 64 every 90 degrees clockwise.  
- **SCALE**:  Accuracy between 0 and 7.  

### VM_COS_SCALE

```gbvm
VM_COS_SCALE IDX, IDX_ANGLE, SCALE
```
 Returns result of cosine function.  
- **IDX**:  Cosine scale (multiplies result) and also target variable that receives result.  
- **IDX_ANGLE**:  Angle to pass into function. This value starts at 0 (pointing up) and increments 64 every 90 degrees clockwise.  
- **SCALE**:  Accuracy between 0 and 7.  

## Music and Sound

### VM_MUSIC_PLAY

```gbvm
VM_MUSIC_PLAY TRACK_BANK, TRACK, LOOP
```
 Starts playing of music track.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the track.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the track.  
- **LOOP**:  Obsolete, has no effect.  

### VM_MUSIC_STOP

```gbvm
VM_MUSIC_STOP
```
 Stops playing of music track.  

### VM_MUSIC_MUTE

```gbvm
VM_MUSIC_MUTE MASK
```
 Mutes/unmutes music channels.  
- **MASK**:  Mute Mask. The 4 lower bits represent the 4 audio channels.  
  
| `MASK`   | Channel 1 | Channel 2 | Channel 3 | Channel 4 |  
| -------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- |  
| `0b0000` | Muted     | Muted     | Muted     | Muted     |  
| `0b0001` | Muted     | Muted     | Muted     | Not Muted |  
| `0b0010` | Muted     | Muted     | Not Muted | Muted     |  
| `0b0011` | Muted     | Muted     | Not Muted | Not Muted |  
| `0b0100` | Muted     | Not Muted | Muted     | Muted     |  
| `0b0101` | Muted     | Not Muted | Muted     | Not Muted |  
| `0b0110` | Muted     | Not Muted | Not Muted | Muted     |  
| `0b0111` | Muted     | Not Muted | Not Muted | Not Muted |  
| `0b1000` | Not Muted | Muted     | Muted     | Muted     |  
| `0b1001` | Not Muted | Muted     | Muted     | Not Muted |  
| `0b1010` | Not Muted | Muted     | Not Muted | Muted     |  
| `0b1011` | Not Muted | Muted     | Not Muted | Not Muted |  
| `0b1100` | Not Muted | Not Muted | Muted     | Muted     |  
| `0b1101` | Not Muted | Not Muted | Muted     | Not Muted |  
| `0b1110` | Not Muted | Not Muted | Not Muted | Muted     |  
| `0b1111` | Not Muted | Not Muted | Not Muted | Not Muted |  

### VM_SOUND_MASTERVOL

```gbvm
VM_SOUND_MASTERVOL VOL
```
 Sets master volume.  
- **VOL**:  The volume value.  

### VM_MUSIC_ROUTINE

```gbvm
VM_MUSIC_ROUTINE ROUTINE, BANK, ADDR
```
 Attaches script to music event.  
- **ROUTINE**:  The routine ID. An integer between 0 and 3.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the routine.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the routine.  

### VM_SFX_PLAY

```gbvm
VM_SFX_PLAY BANK, ADDR, MASK, PRIO
```
 Plays a sound effect asset.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the effect.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the effect.  
- **MASK**:  Mute mask of the effect.  
- **PRIO**:  Priority of the sound effect. Effects with higher priority will cancel the ones with less priority:  
`.SFX_PRIORITY_MINIMAL` - Minmium priority for playback.  
`.SFX_PRIORITY_NORMAL`  - Normal priority for playback.  
`.SFX_PRIORITY_HIGH`    - High priority for playback.  

### VM_MUSIC_SETPOS

```gbvm
VM_MUSIC_SETPOS PATTERN, ROW
```
 Sets playback position for the current song.  
- **PATTERN**:     - The pattern to set the song position to.  
- **ROW**:         - The row to set the song position to.  

## Projectiles

### VM_PROJECTILE_LAUNCH

```gbvm
VM_PROJECTILE_LAUNCH TYPE, IDX
```
 Launches an instance of a projectile loaded in a slot.  
- **TYPE**:  Slot number of projectile to launch.  
- **IDX**:  Points to the beginning of the pseudo-structure that contains these members:  
`pos.x` - X position to launch from.  
`pos.y` - Y position to launch from.  
`angle` - Projectile angle or direction.  
`flags` - Flags:  
`.PROJECTILE_STRONG` - Do not destroy projectile on collision.  
`.PROJECTILE_ANIM_ONCE` - Do not loop projectile animation.  

### VM_PROJECTILE_LOAD_TYPE

```gbvm
VM_PROJECTILE_LOAD_TYPE TYPE, BANK, ADDR
```
 Loads projectile into a slot for VM_PROJECTILE_LAUNCH.  
- **TYPE**:  Slot number to load into.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of projectile data to load.  
- **ADDR**:  Projectile data to load.  

## RTC

### VM_RTC_LATCH

```gbvm
VM_RTC_LATCH
```
 Latches RTC value for access.  

### VM_RTC_GET

```gbvm
VM_RTC_GET IDX, WHAT
```
 Reads RTC value.  
- **IDX**:  Target variable.  
- **WHAT**:  RTC value to be read:  
`.RTC_SECONDS` - Seconds.  
`.RTC_MINUTES` - Minutes.  
`.RTC_HOURS`   - Hours.  
`.RTC_DAYS`    - Days.  

### VM_RTC_SET

```gbvm
VM_RTC_SET IDX, WHAT
```
 Writes RTC value.  
- **IDX**:  Source variable.  
- **WHAT**:  RTC value to be written:  
`.RTC_SECONDS` - Seconds.  
`.RTC_MINUTES` - Minutes.  
`.RTC_HOURS`   - Hours.  
`.RTC_DAYS`    - Days.  

### VM_RTC_START

```gbvm
VM_RTC_START START
```
 Starts or stops RTC.  
- **START**:  Start or stop flag:  
`.RTC_STOP`    - Stop RTC.  
`.RTC_START`   - Start RTC.  

## Rumble

### VM_RUMBLE

```gbvm
VM_RUMBLE ENABLE
```
 Enables or disables rumble on a cart that has that function.  
- **ENABLE**:  1 - enable or 0 - disable.  

## Scenes

### VM_SCENE_PUSH

```gbvm
VM_SCENE_PUSH
```
 Pushes the current scene to the scene stack.  

### VM_SCENE_POP

```gbvm
VM_SCENE_POP
```
 Removes the last scene from the scene stack and loads it.  

### VM_SCENE_POP_ALL

```gbvm
VM_SCENE_POP_ALL
```
 Removes all scenes from the scene stack and loads the first one.  

### VM_SCENE_STACK_RESET

```gbvm
VM_SCENE_STACK_RESET
```
 Removes all the scenes from the scene stack.  

## Screen Fade

### VM_FADE

```gbvm
VM_FADE FLAGS
```
 Fades screen in or out.  
- **FLAGS**:  Options for screen fade:  
`.FADE_NONMODAL` - Nonmodal fade.  
`.FADE_MODAL`    - Modal fade.  
`.FADE_OUT`      - Fade out.  
`.FADE_IN`       - Fade in.  

### VM_FADE_IN

```gbvm
VM_FADE_IN IS_MODAL
```
 Fades screen in. Macro for VM_FADE ^/(.FADE_IN)/ or VM_FADE ^/(.FADE_IN | .FADE_MODAL)/.  
- **IS_MODAL**:   
`0` - Nonmodal fade.  
`1` - Modal fade.  

### VM_FADE_OUT

```gbvm
VM_FADE_OUT IS_MODAL
```
 Fades screen out. Macro for VM_FADE ^/(.FADE_OUT)/ or VM_FADE ^/(.FADE_OUT | .FADE_MODAL)/.  
- **IS_MODAL**:   
`0` - Nonmodal fade.  
`1` - Modal fade.  

## SGB

### VM_SGB_TRANSFER

```gbvm
VM_SGB_TRANSFER
```
 Transfers SGB packet(s). Data of variable length is placed after this instruction, for example:  
  
```  
VM_SGB_TRANSFER  
.db ((0x04 << 3) | 1), 1, 0x07, ((0x01 << 4) | (0x02 << 2) | 0x03), 5,5, 10,10,  0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0 ; ATTR_BLK packet  
```  
  
SGB packet size is a multiple of 16 bytes and encoded in the packet itself.  

## SIO

### VM_SIO_SET_MODE

```gbvm
VM_SIO_SET_MODE MODE
```
 Sets SIO mode.  
- **MODE**:  Mode:  
`.SIO_MODE_NONE` - Close SIO session.  
`.SIO_MODE_MASTER` - Host SIO session.  
`.SIO_MODE_SLAVE` - Join SIO session.  

### VM_SIO_EXCHANGE

```gbvm
VM_SIO_EXCHANGE SOUR, DEST, SIZE
```
 Exchanges data via SIO.  
- **SOUR**:  Source variable to send data from.  
- **DEST**:  Destination variable to receive data to.  
- **SIZE**:  Packet size.  

## Text Sound

### VM_SET_TEXT_SOUND

```gbvm
VM_SET_TEXT_SOUND BANK, ADDR, MASK
```
 Sets the sound effect for the text output.  
- **BANK**:  Bank number of the effect.  
- **ADDR**:  Address of the effect.  
- **MASK**:  Mute mask of the effect.  

## Timer

### VM_TIMER_PREPARE

```gbvm
VM_TIMER_PREPARE TIMER, BANK, ADDR
```
Loads script into timer context.  

### VM_TIMER_SET

```gbvm
VM_TIMER_SET TIMER, INTERVAL
```
Starts a timer calling once every `INTERVAL` * 16 frames.  

### VM_TIMER_STOP

```gbvm
VM_TIMER_STOP TIMER
```
Stops a timer.  

### VM_TIMER_RESET

```gbvm
VM_TIMER_RESET TIMER
```
Resets a timer countdown to 0.  

## UI

### VM_LOAD_TEXT

```gbvm
VM_LOAD_TEXT NARGS
```
 Loads text in memory.  
- **NARGS**:  Amount of arguments that are passed before the null-terminated string.  
  
The text string is defined using the `.asciz` command:  
  
```  
VM_LOAD_TEXT   0  
.asciz "text to render"  
```  
  
#### Displaying variables:  
The following format specifiers allow variables to be rendered as part of the text:  
* `%d`  Render a variable value.  
* `%Dn` Render a variable value with `n` length.  
* `%c`  Render a character based on the variable value.  
The variables need to be defined before the `.asciz` call using `.dw` followed by a list of `N` variables in the order they'll be rendered.  
```  
VM_LOAD_TEXT   3  
.dw VAR_0, VAR_1, VAR_1  
.asciz "Var 0 is %d, Var 1 is %d, Var 2 is %d"  
```  
#### Escape Sequences:  
The text string can contain escape sequences that modify the behavior or appearance of the text.  
* `\001\x` Sets the text speed for the next characters in the current text. `x` is a value between `1` and `8` that represents the number of frames between the render of a character using `2^(x-2)`.  
* `\002\x` Sets the text font.  
* `\003\x\y` Sets the position for the next character.  
* `\004\x\y` Sets the position for the next character relative to the last character.  
* `\005` Escapes the next character.  
* `\006\mask` Waits for input to continue to the next character.  
* `\007\n` Inverts the colors of the following characters. `\007\002` enables inverted colors, `\007\001` disables them.  
* `\010\x` Switches between left to right (`x` = `01`) and right to left (`x` = `02`) printing.  
* `\011` Zero width symbol.  
* `\n` Next line.  
* `\013\x` Sets UI palette number to `x`.  
* `\r` Scrolls text one line up.  

### VM_DISPLAY_TEXT_EX

```gbvm
VM_DISPLAY_TEXT_EX OPTIONS, START_TILE
```
 Renders text in the defined layer (overlay by default).  
- **OPTIONS**:  Text rendering options:  
`.DISPLAY_DEFAULT`      - Default behavior.  
`.DISPLAY_PRESERVE_POS` - Preserve text position.  
- **START_TILE**:  Tile number within the text rendering area to be rendered from; use .TEXT_TILE_CONTINUE to proceed from the current position.  

### VM_DISPLAY_TEXT

```gbvm
VM_DISPLAY_TEXT
```
 Renders text in the defined layer (obsolete).  

### VM_SWITCH_TEXT_LAYER

```gbvm
VM_SWITCH_TEXT_LAYER LAYER
```
 Changes the `LAYER` where text will be rendered.  
- **LAYER**:   
`.TEXT_LAYER_BKG`    - Render text in the background layer.  
`.TEXT_LAYER_WIN`    - Render text in the overlay layer.  

### VM_OVERLAY_SETPOS

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SETPOS X, Y
```
 Sets position of the overlay window in tiles.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate of the overlay window in tiles.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate of the overlay window in tiles.  

### VM_OVERLAY_HIDE

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_HIDE
```
 Hides the overlay window.  

### VM_OVERLAY_WAIT

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_WAIT IS_MODAL, WAIT_FLAGS
```
 Waits for the completion of one or more UI operations.  
- **IS_MODAL**:  Indicates whether the operation is modal: .UI_MODAL, or not: .UI_NONMODAL.  
- **WAIT_FLAGS**:  Bit field, set of events to be waited for:  
`.UI_WAIT_NONE`     - No wait.  
`.UI_WAIT_WINDOW`   - Wait until the window moved to its final position.  
`.UI_WAIT_TEXT`     - Wait until all the text finished rendering.  
`.UI_WAIT_BTN_A`    - Wait until "A" is pressed.  
`.UI_WAIT_BTN_B`    - Wait until "B" is pressed.  
`.UI_WAIT_BTN_ANY`  - Wait until any button is pressed.  

### VM_OVERLAY_MOVE_TO

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_MOVE_TO X, Y, SPEED
```
 Triggers animated movement of the overlay window to a new position.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate of the new position.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate of the new position.  
- **SPEED**:  speed of the movement:  
`.OVERLAY_IN_SPEED`       - Default speed for appearing of the overlay.  
`.OVERLAY_OUT_SPEED`      - Default speed for disappearing of the overlay.  
`.OVERLAY_SPEED_INSTANT`  - Instant movement.  

### VM_OVERLAY_SHOW

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SHOW X, Y, COLOR, OPTIONS
```
 Shows the overlay window.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate of the new position.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate of the new position.  
- **COLOR**:  Initial color of the overlay window:  
`.UI_COLOR_BLACK`     - Black overlay window.  
`.UI_COLOR_WHITE`     - White overlay window.  
- **OPTIONS**:  Display options:  
`.UI_DRAW_FRAME`      - Draw overlay frame.  
`.UI_AUTO_SCROLL`     - Set automatic text scroll area; text will be scrolled up when printing more lines than the overlay height.  

### VM_OVERLAY_CLEAR

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_CLEAR X, Y, W, H, COLOR, OPTIONS
```
 Clears a rectangular area of the overlay window.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate in tiles of the upper left corner.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate in tiles of the upper left corner.  
- **W**:  Width in tiles of the rectangle area.  
- **H**:  Height in tiles of the rectangle area.  
- **COLOR**:  initial color of the overlay window:  
`.UI_COLOR_BLACK`     - Black overlay window.  
`.UI_COLOR_WHITE`     - White overlay window.  
- **OPTIONS**:  Display options:  
`.UI_DRAW_FRAME`      - Draw overlay frame.  
`.UI_AUTO_SCROLL`     - Set automatic text scroll area; text will be scrolled up when printing more lines than the overlay height.  

### .MENUITEM

```gbvm
.MENUITEM X, Y, iL, iR, iU, iD
```
### VM_CHOICE

```gbvm
VM_CHOICE IDX, OPTIONS, COUNT
```
 Executes menu.  
- **IDX**:  Variable that receives the result of the menu execution.  
- **OPTIONS**:  Bit field, set of the possible menu options:  
`.UI_MENU_STANDARD`    - Default menu behavior.  
`.UI_MENU_LAST_0`      - Last item returns result of 0  
`.UI_MENU_CANCEL_B`    - B button cancels the menu execution.  
`.UI_MENU_SET_START`   - If set IDX may contain the initial item index.  
- **COUNT**:  Number of menu items.  
  
Instruction must be followed by the COUNT of .MENUITEM definitions:  
.MENUITEM X, Y, iL, iR, iU, iD  
where:  
`X` - X-coordinate of the cursor pointer in tiles.  
`Y` - Y-coordinate of the cursor pointer in tiles.  
`iL` - Menu item number where the cursor must move when you press LEFT.  
`iR` - Menu item number where the cursor must move when you press RIGHT.  
`iU` - Menu item number where the cursor must move when you press UP.  
`iD` - Menu item number where the cursor must move when you press DOWN.  

### VM_SET_FONT

```gbvm
VM_SET_FONT FONT_INDEX
```
 Sets active font.  
- **FONT_INDEX**:  The index of the font to be activated.  

### VM_SET_PRINT_DIR

```gbvm
VM_SET_PRINT_DIR DIRECTION
```
 Sets print direction.  
- **DIRECTION**:  Direction of the text rendering:  
`.UI_PRINT_LEFTTORIGHT`  - Text is rendered from left to right (left justify).  
`.UI_PRINT_RIGHTTOLEFT`  - Text is rendered from right to left (right justify).  

### VM_OVERLAY_SET_SUBMAP_EX

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SET_SUBMAP_EX PARAMS_IDX
```
 Copies rectangular area of the background map onto the overlay window.  
- **PARAMS_IDX**:  Points to the beginning of the pseudo-structure that contains these members:  
`x`       - X-coordinate within the overlay window in tiles.  
`y`       - Y-coordinate within the overlay window in tiles.  
`w`       - Width of the copied area in tiles.  
`h`       - Height of the copied area in tiles.  
`scene_x` - X-Coordinate within the background map in tiles.  
`scene_y` - Y-Coordinate within the background map in tiles.  

### VM_OVERLAY_SCROLL

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SCROLL X, Y, W, H, COLOR
```
 Scrolls a rectangular area of the overlay window.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate of the upper left corner in tiles.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate of the upper left corner in tiles.  
- **W**:  Width of the area in tiles.  
- **H**:  Height of the area in tiles.  
- **COLOR**:  Color of the empty row of tiles that appear at the bottom of the scroll area.  

### VM_OVERLAY_SET_SCROLL

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SET_SCROLL X, Y, W, H, COLOR
```
 Defines the scroll area for the overlay. When the text overflows that area, it scrolls up by 1 row.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate of the upper left corner in tiles.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate of the upper left corner in tiles.  
- **W**:  Width of the area in tiles.  
- **H**:  Height of the area in tiles.  
- **COLOR**:  Color of the empty row of tiles that appear at the bottom of the scroll area.  

### VM_OVERLAY_SET_SUBMAP

```gbvm
VM_OVERLAY_SET_SUBMAP X, Y, W, H, SX, SY
```
 Copies a rectangular area of tiles from the scene background to the overlay window.  
- **X**:  X-coordinate within the overlay window of the upper left corner in tiles.  
- **Y**:  Y-coordinate within the overlay window of the upper left corner in tiles.  
- **W**:  Width of the area in tiles.  
- **H**:  Height of the area in tiles.  
- **SX**:  X-coordinate within the level background map.  
- **SY**:  Y-coordinate within the level background map.  

