---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Actor

## Activate Actor
Activate an actor, causing it to become visible (if not also hidden) and for its OnUpdate script to start.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Activate Actor"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to activate.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to activate.  

## Actor Move Cancel
Cancel any currently running "Actor Move" events affecting this actor. Causes the actor to stop in its current location.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor Move Cancel"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to cancel movement for.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to cancel movement for.  

## Actor: Mover relativo
Move an actor relative to its current position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Mover relativo"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to move.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]},{"key":"moveType","label":"Movement Type","description":"Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.","hideLabel":true,"type":"moveType","defaultValue":"horizontal","flexBasis":30,"flexGrow":0},{"key":"useCollisions","label":"Use Collisions","description":"Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.","width":"50%","alignCheckbox":true,"type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to move.  
- **X**: The horizontal offset relative to the current position.  
- **Y**: The vertical offset relative to the current position.  
- **Movement Type**: Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.  
- **Use Collisions**: Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.  

## Actor: Mover hacia
Move an actor to a new position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Mover hacia"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to move.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:xpos"}},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:ypos"}}]},{"key":"moveType","label":"Movement Type","description":"Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.","hideLabel":true,"type":"moveType","defaultValue":"horizontal","flexBasis":30,"flexGrow":0},{"key":"useCollisions","label":"Use Collisions","description":"Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.","width":"50%","alignCheckbox":true,"type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to move.  
- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  
- **Movement Type**: Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.  
- **Use Collisions**: Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.  

## Deactivate Actor
Deactivate an actor, causing it to act as if it had gone offscreen. It will become invisible and its OnUpdate script will be stopped.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Deactivate Actor"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to deactivate.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to deactivate.  

## Actor: Esconder
Hide an actor, causing it to become invisible. Its OnUpdate script will continue to run while hidden.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Esconder"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to hide.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to hide.  

## Sprites: Esconder todos
Disable rendering of sprite layer causing all sprites to become hidden until sprite rendering is reenabled.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Sprites: Esconder todos"} fields={[{"label":"Esconder todos los sprites en pantalla."}]} />


## Si el actor esta en posición
Conditionally run part of the script if an actor is at a specified position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Si el actor esta en posición"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]},{"key":"true","label":"Verdadero","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Sino","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Falso","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  
- **Verdadero**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Falso**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## If Actor Distance From Actor
Conditionally run part of the script if an actor is within a certain distance of another actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"If Actor Distance From Actor"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"player","width":"50%"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"operator","label":"Comparison","description":"The comparison operator to use e.g. 'Less Than' or 'Greater Than'.","type":"operator","width":"50%","defaultValue":"<="},{"key":"distance","label":"Distance","description":"The distance value.","type":"union","types":["number","variable"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":181,"width":"50%","unitsDefault":"tiles","defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE"}}]},{"key":"otherActorId","label":"From","description":"The actor to compare distance with.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$","width":"50%"},{"key":"true","label":"Verdadero","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Sino","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Falso","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Comparison**: The comparison operator to use e.g. 'Less Than' or 'Greater Than'.  
- **Distance**: The distance value.  
- **From**: The actor to compare distance with.  
- **Verdadero**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Falso**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Si el actor esta en dirección
Conditionally run part of the script if an actor is facing in a specified direction.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Si el actor esta en dirección"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"direction","label":"Dirección","description":"The actor direction.","type":"direction","defaultValue":"up"},{"key":"true","label":"Verdadero","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Sino","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Falso","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Dirección**: The actor direction.  
- **Verdadero**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Falso**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## If Actor Relative To Actor
Conditionally run part of the script based on the position of one actor relative to another.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"If Actor Relative To Actor"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"player"},{"key":"operation","label":"Comparison","description":"The relative position comparison to use e.g. 'Is Above' or 'Is Below'.","type":"select","options":[["up","Is Above"],["down","Is Below"],["left","Is Left of"],["right","Is Right of"]],"defaultValue":"up","width":"50%"},{"key":"otherActorId","label":"Other Actor","description":"The actor to compare position with.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"true","label":"Verdadero","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Sino","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Falso","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Comparison**: The relative position comparison to use e.g. 'Is Above' or 'Is Below'.  
- **Other Actor**: The actor to compare position with.  
- **Verdadero**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Falso**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Launch Projectile
Launch a projectile from an actor in a specified direction. When a project collides with other actors it will trigger their OnHit scripts.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Launch Projectile"} fields={[{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"spriteSheetId","type":"sprite","label":"Sprite Sheet","description":"The sprite to use for rendering the projectile.","defaultValue":"LAST_SPRITE"},{"key":"spriteStateId","type":"animationstate","label":"Animation State","description":"The sprite animation state to use.","defaultValue":""}]},{"key":"actorId","type":"actor","label":"Source","description":"The actor to launch the projectile from.","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"Offset X","description":"The horizontal offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.","type":"number","min":-256,"max":256,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0},{"key":"y","label":"Offset Y","description":"The vertical offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.","type":"number","min":-256,"max":256,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0}]},{"type":"group","width":"50%","fields":[{"key":"otherActorId","label":"Dirección","description":"The direction to launch the projectile. Can either be a fixed direction or based on an actor's current direction.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$","conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"actor"}]},{"key":"direction","label":"Dirección","description":"The direction to launch the projectile. Can either be a fixed direction or based on an actor's current direction.","type":"direction","defaultValue":"right","conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"direction"}]},{"key":"angle","label":"Angle","description":"The angle to launch the projectile.","type":"number","defaultValue":0,"conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"angle"}]},{"key":"angleVariable","label":"Angle","description":"The angle to launch the projectile.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"anglevar"}]},{"key":"directionType","type":"selectbutton","options":[["direction","Fixed Direction"],["actor","Actor Direction"],["angle","Angle"],["anglevar","Angle Variable"]],"inline":true,"defaultValue":"direction"}]},{"key":"initialOffset","label":"Direction Offset","description":"The distance the projectile should move from launch position in its launch direction before becoming visible.","type":"number","min":0,"max":256,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"speed","label":"Velocidad","description":"The movement speed.","type":"moveSpeed","allowNone":true,"defaultValue":2,"width":"50%"},{"key":"animSpeed","label":"Velocidad de animación","description":"The animation speed.","type":"animSpeed","defaultValue":15,"width":"50%"}]},{"key":"lifeTime","label":"Life Time","description":"The amount of time in seconds that the projectile will live for.","type":"number","min":0,"max":4,"step":0.1,"width":"50%","defaultValue":1},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"loopAnim","label":"Loop Animation","description":"Set if animation should loop.","type":"checkbox","alignCheckbox":true,"defaultValue":true},{"key":"destroyOnHit","label":"Destroy On Hit","description":"Set if the projectile should be destroyed after its first collision.","type":"checkbox","alignCheckbox":true,"defaultValue":true}]},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"collisionGroup","label":"Collision Group","description":"The collision group that should be used when registering collisions with actors.","type":"collisionMask","width":"50%","includePlayer":false,"defaultValue":"3"},{"key":"collisionMask","label":"Collide With","description":"The groups of actors that will be checked for collisions. e.g. If it should pass through any actors but the player set this field to just 'Player'.","type":"collisionMask","width":"50%","includePlayer":true,"defaultValue":["1"]}]}]} />

- **Sprite Sheet**: The sprite to use for rendering the projectile.  
- **Animation State**: The sprite animation state to use.  
- **Source**: The actor to launch the projectile from.  
- **Offset X**: The horizontal offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.  
- **Offset Y**: The vertical offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.  
- **Dirección**: The direction to launch the projectile. Can either be a fixed direction or based on an actor's current direction.  
- **Angle**: The angle to launch the projectile.  
- **Direction Offset**: The distance the projectile should move from launch position in its launch direction before becoming visible.  
- **Velocidad**: The movement speed.  
- **Velocidad de animación**: The animation speed.  
- **Life Time**: The amount of time in seconds that the projectile will live for.  
- **Loop Animation**: Set if animation should loop.  
- **Destroy On Hit**: Set if the projectile should be destroyed after its first collision.  
- **Collision Group**: The collision group that should be used when registering collisions with actors.  
- **Collide With**: The groups of actors that will be checked for collisions. e.g. If it should pass through any actors but the player set this field to just 'Player'.  

## Player Bounce
In platform scenes causes the player to bounce upwards by setting the player's velocity Y value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Player Bounce"} fields={[{"key":"height","type":"select","label":"Alto","description":"How high the player should bounce.","options":[["low","Low"],["medium","Medium"],["high","High"]],"defaultValue":"medium"},{"label":"Affects Platform scenes only"}]} />

- **Alto**: How high the player should bounce.  

## Actor: Empujar lejos del jugador
Causes the specified actor to be moved in the direction that the player is currently facing. Useful for creating block puzzles.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Empujar lejos del jugador"} fields={[{"key":"continue","label":"Deslizar hasta colisionar","description":"Set to make the actor continue to move until a collision with another actor or the scene occurs.","type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Deslizar hasta colisionar**: Set to make the actor continue to move until a collision with another actor or the scene occurs.  

## Actor: Definir cuadro de animación
Set an actor's animation to a specified frame value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir cuadro de animación"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"frame","label":"Cuadro de Animacion","description":"The animation frame value.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":25,"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:frame"}}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Cuadro de Animacion**: The animation frame value.  

## Actor: Definir velocidad de animación
Set the animation speed of an actor to a new value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir velocidad de animación"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"speed","label":"Velocidad de animación","description":"The animation speed.","type":"animSpeed","defaultValue":15}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Velocidad de animación**: The animation speed.  

## Set Actor Animation State
Change the sprite animation state for a specified actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Set Actor Animation State"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"spriteStateId","label":"Animation State","description":"The sprite animation state to use.","type":"animationstate","defaultValue":""}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Animation State**: The sprite animation state to use.  

## Set Actor Collisions Disable
Disable all collision checks for an actor allowing the player and all other actor's to pass through it while moving.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Set Actor Collisions Disable"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Set Actor Collisions Enable
Re-enable collisions for an actor causing it to become solid again if collisions had previously been disabled.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Set Actor Collisions Enable"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Actor: Definir dirección
Change the direction that an actor is currently facing.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir dirección"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"direction","label":"Dirección","description":"The actor direction.","type":"union","types":["direction","variable","property"],"defaultType":"direction","defaultValue":{"direction":"up","variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:direction"}}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Dirección**: The actor direction.  

## Actor: Definir velocidad De movimiento
Set the movement speed of an actor to a new value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir velocidad De movimiento"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"speed","label":"Velocidad","description":"The movement speed.","type":"moveSpeed","defaultValue":1}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Velocidad**: The movement speed.  

## Actor: Definir posición
Set the position of an actor, causing it to instantly move to the new location.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir posición"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:xpos"}},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:ypos"}}]}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  

## Actor: Definir posición relativa
Set the position of an actor relative to it's previous position, causing it to instantly move to the new location.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir posición relativa"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **X**: The horizontal offset relative to the current position.  
- **Y**: The vertical offset relative to the current position.  

## Set Actor Sprite Sheet
Set the sprite that should be used to render an actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Set Actor Sprite Sheet"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"spriteSheetId","label":"Sprite Sheet","description":"The sprite to use for rendering the actor.","type":"sprite","defaultValue":"LAST_SPRITE"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Sprite Sheet**: The sprite to use for rendering the actor.  

## Actor: Definir Sprite Sheet del jugador
Set the sprite that should be used to render the player.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Definir Sprite Sheet del jugador"} fields={[{"key":"spriteSheetId","label":"Sprite Sheet","description":"The sprite to use for rendering the player.","type":"sprite","defaultValue":"LAST_SPRITE"},{"key":"persist","label":"Replace Default For Scene Type","description":"Causes this sprite to override the default for all scenes of the current type. i.e. If you are currently in a platformer scene, all other platformer scenes using the default sprite will now load using this replacement sprite automatically instead.","type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Sprite Sheet**: The sprite to use for rendering the player.  
- **Replace Default For Scene Type**: Causes this sprite to override the default for all scenes of the current type. i.e. If you are currently in a platformer scene, all other platformer scenes using the default sprite will now load using this replacement sprite automatically instead.  

## Actor: Mostrar
Unhide a previously hidden actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Mostrar"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to show.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to show.  

## Sprites: Mostrar todos
Re-enable rendering of the sprite layer if previously disabled.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Sprites: Mostrar todos"} fields={[{"label":"Mostrar todos los sprites activos."}]} />


## Actor: Mostrar burbuja de emoción
Show an emote image above a specified actor. The image will be positioned centrally above the actor's collision bounding box.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Mostrar burbuja de emoción"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor to display an emote image above.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"emoteId","label":"Emote","description":"The emote image to display.","type":"emote","defaultValue":"LAST_EMOTE"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor to display an emote image above.  
- **Emote**: The emote image to display.  

## Start Actor's "On Update" Script
Start an actors OnUpdate script if it is not currently running. If the actor is currently offscreen its script may become deactivated causing the script to stop running again, to prevent this set the 'Keep Running While Offscreen' setting for the actor's OnUpdate script.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Start Actor's \"On Update\" Script"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Stop Actor's "On Update" Script
Stop an actors OnUpdate script if it was currently running.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Stop Actor's \"On Update\" Script"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Store Actor Direction In Variable
Store the current direction of an actor within a variable.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Store Actor Direction In Variable"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"direction","label":"Variable","description":"The variable to use for the direction.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Variable**: The variable to use for the direction.  

## Actor: Almacenar posición en variables
Store the current position of an actor within two variables, one to store the horizontal position and another to store the vertical position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Actor: Almacenar posición en variables"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Actor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"vectorX","type":"variable","label":"X","description":"The variable to use for the horizontal position.","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"vectorY","type":"variable","label":"Y","description":"The variable to use for the vertical position.","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]}]} />

- **Actor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **X**: The variable to use for the horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The variable to use for the vertical position.  

