---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Input

### Entrada de control: Adjuntar script a bot贸n
Run the specified script any time a joypad button is pressed.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Entrada de control: Adjuntar script a bot贸n"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Button","description":"The joypad button to check.","type":"input","defaultValue":["b"]},{"key":"override","type":"checkbox","label":"Override default button action","description":"Set if the script should replace the default game action for the specified button.","defaultValue":true},{"key":"__scriptTabs","type":"tabs","defaultValue":"press","values":{"press":"En Presionado"}},{"key":"true","label":"En Presionado","description":"The script to run when the button is pressed.","type":"events","allowedContexts":["global","entity"],"conditions":[{"key":"__scriptTabs","in":[null,"press"]}]}]} />

- **Button**: The joypad button to check.  
- **Override default button action**: Set if the script should replace the default game action for the specified button.  
- **En Presionado**: The script to run when the button is pressed.  

### Entrada De Control: Pausar script hasta presionar
Pauses the script until one of the specified joypad buttons are pressed.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Entrada De Control: Pausar script hasta presionar"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Cualquiera de","description":"The input buttons to check.","type":"input","defaultValue":["a","b"]}]} />

- **Cualquiera de**: The input buttons to check.  

### Entrada De Control: Remover script adjunto
Remove an attached script from a joypad button restoring the default functionality of the button.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Entrada De Control: Remover script adjunto"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Remover script adjunto al input","description":"The joypad button to remove the attached script from.","type":"input","defaultValue":["b"]}]} />

- **Remover script adjunto al input**: The joypad button to remove the attached script from.  

## Control Flow
### Si un bot贸n es presionado
Conditionally run part of the script if the specified joypad button is currently pressed. Will not wait for user input and will only execute once, if you wish to run a script every time a button is pressed use Attach Script To Button instead.

**References**  
[/docs/scripting/script-glossary/input#attach-script-to-button](/docs/scripting/script-glossary/input#attach-script-to-button)  
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Si un bot贸n es presionado"} fields={[{"key":"input","label":"Cualquiera de","description":"The input buttons to check.","type":"input","defaultValue":["a","b"]},{"key":"true","label":"Verdadero","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Sino","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Falso","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Cualquiera de**: The input buttons to check.  
- **Verdadero**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Falso**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

