---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Save Data

## Datos de juego: Cargar
Load the saved game data from the selected slot.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Datos de juego: Cargar"} fields={[{"label":"Carga datos del juego de memoria."},{"key":"saveSlot","label":"Save Slot","description":"The save slot to use.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[[0,"Slot 1","Save Slot 1"],[1,"Slot 2","Save Slot 2"],[2,"Slot 3","Save Slot 3"]],"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":0}]} />

- **Save Slot**: The save slot to use.  

## Datos de juego: Borrar
Remove any previously saved game data in the selected slot.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Datos de juego: Borrar"} fields={[{"label":"Limpia todos los datos del juego de memoria."},{"key":"saveSlot","label":"Save Slot","description":"The save slot to use.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[[0,"Slot 1","Save Slot 1"],[1,"Slot 2","Save Slot 2"],[2,"Slot 3","Save Slot 3"]],"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":0}]} />

- **Save Slot**: The save slot to use.  

## Datos de juego: Guardar
Save the current game data into the selected slot.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Datos de juego: Guardar"} fields={[{"label":"Guarda datos del juego actuales a memoria. Requiere cartucho con BATERIA"},{"key":"saveSlot","label":"Save Slot","description":"The save slot to use.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[[0,"Slot 1","Save Slot 1"],[1,"Slot 2","Save Slot 2"],[2,"Slot 3","Save Slot 3"]],"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":0},{"key":"__scriptTabs","type":"tabs","defaultValue":"save","values":{"save":"On Save"}},{"key":"true","label":"On Save","description":"A script to run after the save is completed. This won't be run on game load so you can use it show a 'Save Was Successful' message.","type":"events"}]} />

- **Save Slot**: The save slot to use.  
- **On Save**: A script to run after the save is completed. This won't be run on game load so you can use it show a 'Save Was Successful' message.  

## Si los datos de juego fueron guardados
Conditionally run part of the script if save data is present within the specified save slot.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Si los datos de juego fueron guardados"} fields={[{"key":"saveSlot","label":"Save Slot","description":"The save slot to use.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[[0,"Slot 1","Save Slot 1"],[1,"Slot 2","Save Slot 2"],[2,"Slot 3","Save Slot 3"]],"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":0},{"label":"Ejecutar si el jugador a guardado la partida."},{"key":"true","label":"Verdadero","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"Sino","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Falso","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Save Slot**: The save slot to use.  
- **Verdadero**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Falso**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Store Variable from Game Data In Variable
Read a variable's value from a specified save slot and store it in a variable.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Store Variable from Game Data In Variable"} fields={[{"key":"variableDest","label":"Set Variable","description":"The variable to update.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"variableSource","label":"Para Variable","description":"The variable to read the value of.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"},{"key":"saveSlot","label":"From Save Slot","description":"The save slot to use.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[[0,"Slot 1","Save Slot 1"],[1,"Slot 2","Save Slot 2"],[2,"Slot 3","Save Slot 3"]],"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":0}]}]} />

- **Set Variable**: The variable to update.  
- **Para Variable**: The variable to read the value of.  
- **From Save Slot**: The save slot to use.  

