---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Aktor

## Aktywuj aktora
Activate an actor, causing it to become visible (if not also hidden) and for its OnUpdate script to start.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktywuj aktora"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to activate.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to activate.  

## Aktor: anuluj ruch
Cancel any currently running "Actor Move" events affecting this actor. Causes the actor to stop in its current location.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: anuluj ruch"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to cancel movement for.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to cancel movement for.  

## Aktor: przesuń względnie // ruszaj zdarzeniem
Move an actor relative to its current position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: przesuń względnie // ruszaj zdarzeniem"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to move.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]},{"key":"moveType","label":"Movement Type","description":"Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.","hideLabel":true,"type":"moveType","defaultValue":"horizontal","flexBasis":30,"flexGrow":0},{"key":"useCollisions","label":"Użyj kolizji","description":"Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.","width":"50%","alignCheckbox":true,"type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to move.  
- **X**: The horizontal offset relative to the current position.  
- **Y**: The vertical offset relative to the current position.  
- **Movement Type**: Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.  
- **Użyj kolizji**: Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.  

## Aktor: przesuń // przejdź do
Move an actor to a new position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: przesuń // przejdź do"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to move.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:xpos"}},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:ypos"}}]},{"key":"moveType","label":"Movement Type","description":"Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.","hideLabel":true,"type":"moveType","defaultValue":"horizontal","flexBasis":30,"flexGrow":0},{"key":"useCollisions","label":"Użyj kolizji","description":"Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.","width":"50%","alignCheckbox":true,"type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to move.  
- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  
- **Movement Type**: Choose if should move in horizontal/vertical axis first or if it should move diagonally to destination.  
- **Użyj kolizji**: Set if collisions with both scene and actors should be taken into account while moving.  

## Dezaktywuj aktora
Deactivate an actor, causing it to act as if it had gone offscreen. It will become invisible and its OnUpdate script will be stopped.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Dezaktywuj aktora"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to deactivate.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to deactivate.  

## Aktor: schowaj (niewidzialny)
Hide an actor, causing it to become invisible. Its OnUpdate script will continue to run while hidden.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: schowaj (niewidzialny)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to hide.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to hide.  

## Aktorzy: schowaj wszystko
Disable rendering of sprite layer causing all sprites to become hidden until sprite rendering is reenabled.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktorzy: schowaj wszystko"} fields={[{"label":"Schowanie wszystkich obiektów z ekranu."}]} />


## Warunek: położenie aktora (współrzędne)
Conditionally run part of the script if an actor is at a specified position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Warunek: położenie aktora (współrzędne)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]},{"key":"true","label":"Prawda","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"W innym wypadku","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Fałsz","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  
- **Prawda**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Fałsz**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Warunek: odległość aktora względem aktora
Conditionally run part of the script if an actor is within a certain distance of another actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Warunek: odległość aktora względem aktora"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"player","width":"50%"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"operator","label":"Porównanie","description":"The comparison operator to use e.g. 'Less Than' or 'Greater Than'.","type":"operator","width":"50%","defaultValue":"<="},{"key":"distance","label":"Odległość","description":"The distance value.","type":"union","types":["number","variable"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":181,"width":"50%","unitsDefault":"tiles","defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE"}}]},{"key":"otherActorId","label":"Od","description":"The actor to compare distance with.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$","width":"50%"},{"key":"true","label":"Prawda","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"W innym wypadku","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Fałsz","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Porównanie**: The comparison operator to use e.g. 'Less Than' or 'Greater Than'.  
- **Odległość**: The distance value.  
- **Od**: The actor to compare distance with.  
- **Prawda**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Fałsz**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Warunek: kierunek obrotu aktora
Conditionally run part of the script if an actor is facing in a specified direction.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Warunek: kierunek obrotu aktora"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"direction","label":"Kierunek","description":"The actor direction.","type":"direction","defaultValue":"up"},{"key":"true","label":"Prawda","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"W innym wypadku","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Fałsz","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Kierunek**: The actor direction.  
- **Prawda**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Fałsz**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Warunek: położenie aktora względem aktora
Conditionally run part of the script based on the position of one actor relative to another.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Warunek: położenie aktora względem aktora"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"player"},{"key":"operation","label":"Porównanie","description":"The relative position comparison to use e.g. 'Is Above' or 'Is Below'.","type":"select","options":[["up","jest powyżej"],["down","jest poniżej"],["left","jest z lewej"],["right","jest z prawej"]],"defaultValue":"up","width":"50%"},{"key":"otherActorId","label":"Other Actor","description":"The actor to compare position with.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"true","label":"Prawda","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"W innym wypadku","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Fałsz","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Porównanie**: The relative position comparison to use e.g. 'Is Above' or 'Is Below'.  
- **Other Actor**: The actor to compare position with.  
- **Prawda**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Fałsz**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Przedmiot: wystrzel pocisk
Launch a projectile from an actor in a specified direction. When a project collides with other actors it will trigger their OnHit scripts.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Przedmiot: wystrzel pocisk"} fields={[{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"spriteSheetId","type":"sprite","label":"Arkusz obiektów","description":"The sprite to use for rendering the projectile.","defaultValue":"LAST_SPRITE"},{"key":"spriteStateId","type":"animationstate","label":"Stan animacji","description":"The sprite animation state to use.","defaultValue":""}]},{"key":"actorId","type":"actor","label":"Punkt wyjścia","description":"The actor to launch the projectile from.","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"Przesunięcie X","description":"The horizontal offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.","type":"number","min":-256,"max":256,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0},{"key":"y","label":"Przesunięcie Y","description":"The vertical offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.","type":"number","min":-256,"max":256,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0}]},{"type":"group","width":"50%","fields":[{"key":"otherActorId","label":"Kierunek","description":"The direction to launch the projectile. Can either be a fixed direction or based on an actor's current direction.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$","conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"actor"}]},{"key":"direction","label":"Kierunek","description":"The direction to launch the projectile. Can either be a fixed direction or based on an actor's current direction.","type":"direction","defaultValue":"right","conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"direction"}]},{"key":"angle","label":"Kąt","description":"The angle to launch the projectile.","type":"number","defaultValue":0,"conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"angle"}]},{"key":"angleVariable","label":"Kąt","description":"The angle to launch the projectile.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","conditions":[{"key":"directionType","eq":"anglevar"}]},{"key":"directionType","type":"selectbutton","options":[["direction","Ustalony kierunek"],["actor","Kierunek aktora"],["angle","Kąt"],["anglevar","Kąt-zmienna"]],"inline":true,"defaultValue":"direction"}]},{"key":"initialOffset","label":"Przesunięcie kierunku","description":"The distance the projectile should move from launch position in its launch direction before becoming visible.","type":"number","min":0,"max":256,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"speed","label":"Szybkość","description":"The movement speed.","type":"moveSpeed","allowNone":true,"defaultValue":2,"width":"50%"},{"key":"animSpeed","label":"Szybkość animacji","description":"The animation speed.","type":"animSpeed","defaultValue":15,"width":"50%"}]},{"key":"lifeTime","label":"Czas (życie)","description":"The amount of time in seconds that the projectile will live for.","type":"number","min":0,"max":4,"step":0.1,"width":"50%","defaultValue":1},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"loopAnim","label":"Zapętlenie animacji","description":"Set if animation should loop.","type":"checkbox","alignCheckbox":true,"defaultValue":true},{"key":"destroyOnHit","label":"Zniszcz przez dotknięcie","description":"Set if the projectile should be destroyed after its first collision.","type":"checkbox","alignCheckbox":true,"defaultValue":true}]},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"collisionGroup","label":"Grupa kolizji","description":"The collision group that should be used when registering collisions with actors.","type":"collisionMask","width":"50%","includePlayer":false,"defaultValue":"3"},{"key":"collisionMask","label":"Kolizja z","description":"The groups of actors that will be checked for collisions. e.g. If it should pass through any actors but the player set this field to just 'Player'.","type":"collisionMask","width":"50%","includePlayer":true,"defaultValue":["1"]}]}]} />

- **Arkusz obiektów**: The sprite to use for rendering the projectile.  
- **Stan animacji**: The sprite animation state to use.  
- **Punkt wyjścia**: The actor to launch the projectile from.  
- **Przesunięcie X**: The horizontal offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.  
- **Przesunięcie Y**: The vertical offset from the source actors position to start launching the projectile.  
- **Kierunek**: The direction to launch the projectile. Can either be a fixed direction or based on an actor's current direction.  
- **Kąt**: The angle to launch the projectile.  
- **Przesunięcie kierunku**: The distance the projectile should move from launch position in its launch direction before becoming visible.  
- **Szybkość**: The movement speed.  
- **Szybkość animacji**: The animation speed.  
- **Czas (życie)**: The amount of time in seconds that the projectile will live for.  
- **Zapętlenie animacji**: Set if animation should loop.  
- **Zniszcz przez dotknięcie**: Set if the projectile should be destroyed after its first collision.  
- **Grupa kolizji**: The collision group that should be used when registering collisions with actors.  
- **Kolizja z**: The groups of actors that will be checked for collisions. e.g. If it should pass through any actors but the player set this field to just 'Player'.  

## Aktor: Skok gracza
In platform scenes causes the player to bounce upwards by setting the player's velocity Y value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: Skok gracza"} fields={[{"key":"height","type":"select","label":"Wysokość","description":"How high the player should bounce.","options":[["low","Nisko"],["medium","Średnio"],["high","Wysoko"]],"defaultValue":"medium"},{"label":"Dotyczy tylko scen platformowych"}]} />

- **Wysokość**: How high the player should bounce.  

## Aktor: odepchnij od gracza
Causes the specified actor to be moved in the direction that the player is currently facing. Useful for creating block puzzles.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: odepchnij od gracza"} fields={[{"key":"continue","label":"Przesuń aż do napotkania przeszkody (kolizli)","description":"Set to make the actor continue to move until a collision with another actor or the scene occurs.","type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Przesuń aż do napotkania przeszkody (kolizli)**: Set to make the actor continue to move until a collision with another actor or the scene occurs.  

## Aktor: ustaw klatki animacji
Set an actor's animation to a specified frame value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw klatki animacji"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"frame","label":"Klatka animacji","description":"The animation frame value.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":25,"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:frame"}}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Klatka animacji**: The animation frame value.  

## Aktor: ustaw szybkość animacji
Set the animation speed of an actor to a new value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw szybkość animacji"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"speed","label":"Szybkość animacji","description":"The animation speed.","type":"animSpeed","defaultValue":15}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Szybkość animacji**: The animation speed.  

## Aktor: ustaw stan animacji
Change the sprite animation state for a specified actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw stan animacji"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"spriteStateId","label":"Stan animacji","description":"The sprite animation state to use.","type":"animationstate","defaultValue":""}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Stan animacji**: The sprite animation state to use.  

## Aktor: wyłącz kolizję (OFF)
Disable all collision checks for an actor allowing the player and all other actor's to pass through it while moving.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: wyłącz kolizję (OFF)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Aktor: włącz kolizję (ON)
Re-enable collisions for an actor causing it to become solid again if collisions had previously been disabled.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: włącz kolizję (ON)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Aktor: ustaw kierunek (obrót)
Change the direction that an actor is currently facing.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw kierunek (obrót)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"direction","label":"Kierunek","description":"The actor direction.","type":"union","types":["direction","variable","property"],"defaultType":"direction","defaultValue":{"direction":"up","variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:direction"}}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Kierunek**: The actor direction.  

## Aktor: ustaw szybkość ruchu
Set the movement speed of an actor to a new value.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw szybkość ruchu"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"speed","label":"Szybkość","description":"The movement speed.","type":"moveSpeed","defaultValue":1}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Szybkość**: The movement speed.  

## Aktor: ustaw położenie
Set the position of an actor, causing it to instantly move to the new location.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw położenie"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:xpos"}},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:ypos"}}]}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  

## Aktor: ustaw położenie (względnie)
Set the position of an actor relative to it's previous position, causing it to instantly move to the new location.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: ustaw położenie (względnie)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical offset relative to the current position.","type":"number","min":-31,"max":31,"width":"50%","defaultValue":0,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **X**: The horizontal offset relative to the current position.  
- **Y**: The vertical offset relative to the current position.  

## Aktor: zmień grafikę
Set the sprite that should be used to render an actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: zmień grafikę"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"spriteSheetId","label":"Arkusz obiektów","description":"The sprite to use for rendering the actor.","type":"sprite","defaultValue":"LAST_SPRITE"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  
- **Arkusz obiektów**: The sprite to use for rendering the actor.  

## Aktor: zmień grafikę gracza
Set the sprite that should be used to render the player.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: zmień grafikę gracza"} fields={[{"key":"spriteSheetId","label":"Arkusz obiektów","description":"The sprite to use for rendering the player.","type":"sprite","defaultValue":"LAST_SPRITE"},{"key":"persist","label":"Zastąp domyślne ustawienia dla rodzaju sceny","description":"Causes this sprite to override the default for all scenes of the current type. i.e. If you are currently in a platformer scene, all other platformer scenes using the default sprite will now load using this replacement sprite automatically instead.","type":"checkbox","defaultValue":false}]} />

- **Arkusz obiektów**: The sprite to use for rendering the player.  
- **Zastąp domyślne ustawienia dla rodzaju sceny**: Causes this sprite to override the default for all scenes of the current type. i.e. If you are currently in a platformer scene, all other platformer scenes using the default sprite will now load using this replacement sprite automatically instead.  

## Aktor: pokaż (widzialny)
Unhide a previously hidden actor.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: pokaż (widzialny)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to show.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to show.  

## Aktorzy: pokaż wszystko
Re-enable rendering of the sprite layer if previously disabled.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktorzy: pokaż wszystko"} fields={[{"label":"Odkrycie wszystkich aktywnych obiektów."}]} />


## Aktor: wyświetl emotikonę
Show an emote image above a specified actor. The image will be positioned centrally above the actor's collision bounding box.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: wyświetl emotikonę"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor to display an emote image above.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"emoteId","label":"Emotka","description":"The emote image to display.","type":"emote","defaultValue":"LAST_EMOTE"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor to display an emote image above.  
- **Emotka**: The emote image to display.  

## Aktor: uruchom skrypt (równoległy)
Start an actors OnUpdate script if it is not currently running. If the actor is currently offscreen its script may become deactivated causing the script to stop running again, to prevent this set the 'Keep Running While Offscreen' setting for the actor's OnUpdate script.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: uruchom skrypt (równoległy)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Aktor: zatrzymaj skrypt (równoległy)
Stop an actors OnUpdate script if it was currently running.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: zatrzymaj skrypt (równoległy)"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to update.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to update.  

## Aktor: zapisz obrót w zmiennej
Store the current direction of an actor within a variable.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: zapisz obrót w zmiennej"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"key":"direction","label":"Zmienna","description":"The variable to use for the direction.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **Zmienna**: The variable to use for the direction.  

## Aktor: zapisz położenie w zmiennych
Store the current position of an actor within two variables, one to store the horizontal position and another to store the vertical position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Aktor: zapisz położenie w zmiennych"} fields={[{"key":"actorId","label":"Aktor","description":"The actor you want to check.","type":"actor","defaultValue":"$self$"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"vectorX","type":"variable","label":"X","description":"The variable to use for the horizontal position.","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]},{"key":"vectorY","type":"variable","label":"Y","description":"The variable to use for the vertical position.","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"]}]}]} />

- **Aktor**: The actor you want to check.  
- **X**: The variable to use for the horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The variable to use for the vertical position.  

