---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Kamera

## Kamera: powrót do gracza
Move the camera back to centering on the player, locking into position when the player moves. Optionally allows locking to follow player in only horizontal or vertical axis.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Kamera: powrót do gracza"} fields={[{"key":"speed","width":"50%","label":"Szybkość","description":"The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.","type":"cameraSpeed","defaultValue":0},{"key":"axis","width":"50%","label":"Zablokuj oś","description":"Set if either horizontal axis, vertical axis or both should be locked.","type":"togglebuttons","options":[["x","H","Poziomo"],["y","V","Pionowo"]],"allowMultiple":true,"allowNone":false,"defaultValue":["x","y"]}]} />

- **Szybkość**: The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.  
- **Zablokuj oś**: Set if either horizontal axis, vertical axis or both should be locked.  

## Kamera: przesuń ekran
Move the camera to a new position.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Kamera: przesuń ekran"} fields={[{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The horizontal position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:xpos"}},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The vertical position.","type":"union","types":["number","variable","property"],"defaultType":"number","min":0,"max":255,"width":"50%","unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"tiles","unitsAllowed":["tiles","pixels"],"defaultValue":{"number":0,"variable":"LAST_VARIABLE","property":"$self$:ypos"}}]},{"key":"speed","label":"Szybkość","description":"The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.","type":"cameraSpeed","defaultValue":0}]} />

- **X**: The horizontal position.  
- **Y**: The vertical position.  
- **Szybkość**: The movement speed, use 'Instant' to immediately move to the new location.  

## Kamera: wstrząs ekranu
Shake the camera for a period of time.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Kamera: wstrząs ekranu"} fields={[{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"time","type":"number","label":"Czas trwania","description":"The length of time to shake camera for in seconds or frames.","min":0,"max":60,"step":0.1,"defaultValue":0.5,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"time","unitsAllowed":["time","frames"],"conditions":[{"key":"units","ne":"frames"}]},{"key":"frames","label":"Czas trwania","description":"The length of time to shake camera for in seconds or frames.","type":"number","min":0,"max":3600,"width":"50%","defaultValue":30,"unitsField":"units","unitsDefault":"time","unitsAllowed":["time","frames"],"conditions":[{"key":"units","eq":"frames"}]},{"key":"shakeDirection","label":"Movement Type","description":"Choose if camera should shake only in horizontal or vertical axis or if should shake in both directions.","hideLabel":true,"type":"moveType","defaultValue":"horizontal","flexBasis":30,"flexGrow":0}]}]} />

- **Czas trwania**: The length of time to shake camera for in seconds or frames.  
- **Movement Type**: Choose if camera should shake only in horizontal or vertical axis or if should shake in both directions.  

## Ekran: wyczyszczenie
Fade the scene from a blank screen.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Ekran: wyczyszczenie"} fields={[{"key":"speed","label":"Szybkość","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2"}]} />

- **Szybkość**: The speed of the fade animation.  

## Ekran: pojawienie
Fade the scene to a blank screen.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Ekran: pojawienie"} fields={[{"key":"speed","label":"Szybkość","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2"}]} />

- **Szybkość**: The speed of the fade animation.  

