---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Matematyka

## Zmienna: wzór matematyczny
Set a variable to the result of evaluating a math expression.

**Odniesienia**  
[/docs/scripting/math-expressions](/docs/scripting/math-expressions)  
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Zmienna: wzór matematyczny"} fields={[{"key":"variable","label":"Zmienna","description":"The variable to use.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE","width":"50%"},{"key":"expression","label":"Expression","description":"The expression to evaluate.","type":"matharea","rows":5,"placeholder":"e.g. 5 + (6 * $health)...","defaultValue":""}]} />

- **Zmienna**: The variable to use.  
- **Expression**: The expression to evaluate.  

## Warunel: wyrażenie matematycznee
Conditionally execute part of the script if the specified math expression evaluates to true.

**Odniesienia**  
[/docs/scripting/math-expressions](/docs/scripting/math-expressions)  
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Warunel: wyrażenie matematycznee"} fields={[{"key":"expression","label":"Expression","description":"The expression to evaluate.","type":"matharea","rows":5,"placeholder":"e.g. $health >= 0...","defaultValue":""},{"key":"true","label":"Prawda","description":"The script to run if the condition is true.","type":"events"},{"key":"__collapseElse","label":"W innym wypadku","type":"collapsable","defaultValue":true,"conditions":[{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}]},{"key":"false","label":"Fałsz","description":"The script to run if the condition is false.","conditions":[{"key":"__collapseElse","ne":true},{"key":"__disableElse","ne":true}],"type":"events"}]} />

- **Expression**: The expression to evaluate.  
- **Prawda**: The script to run if the condition is true.  
- **Fałsz**: The script to run if the condition is false.  

## Zmienna: funkcje matematyczne
Allows you to perform various maths functions on a variable to add/subtract/multiply/divide/modulus a value/variable/random number.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Zmienna: funkcje matematyczne"} fields={[{"key":"vectorX","label":"Zmienna","description":"The variable to use.","type":"variable","defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"},{"key":"operation","label":"Operacja","description":"The operation to use for modifying the variable value.","type":"select","options":[["set","Ustaw"],["add","Dodaj"],["sub","Odejmij"],["mul","Pomnóż"],["div","Podziel"],["mod","Modulo"]],"defaultValue":"set","width":"50%"},{"key":"other","label":"Wartość","description":"The value to combine with the variable using the selected operation.","type":"select","options":[["true","Prawda"],["false","Fałsz"],["var","Zmienna"],["val","Wartość"],["rnd","Losowa"]],"defaultValue":"true","width":"50%"},{"key":"vectorY","type":"variable","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"var"}],"defaultValue":"LAST_VARIABLE"},{"key":"value","type":"number","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"val"}],"min":-32768,"max":32767,"defaultValue":"0"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"minValue","type":"number","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"rnd"}],"min":-32768,"max":32767,"label":"Wartość minimalna","description":"The minimum value for the random range.","hideFromDocs":true,"defaultValue":"0","width":"50%"},{"key":"maxValue","type":"number","conditions":[{"key":"other","eq":"rnd"}],"min":-32768,"max":32767,"label":"Wartość maksymalna","description":"The maximum value for the random range.","hideFromDocs":true,"defaultValue":"32767","width":"50%"}]},{"key":"clamp","type":"checkbox","label":"Wartość zasisku 0 - 255","hideFromDocs":true,"conditions":[{"key":"operation","in":["add","sub","mul"]}],"defaultValue":false,"alignCheckbox":true}]} />

- **Zmienna**: The variable to use.  
- **Operacja**: The operation to use for modifying the variable value.  
- **Wartość**: The value to combine with the variable using the selected operation.  

## Generator losowych liczb
Place this to run in response to user input to ensure random numbers change between playthroughs.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Generator losowych liczb"} fields={[{"label":"Umieść to, aby uruchomić w odpowiedzi na dane wejściowe użytkownika, zmianę losowych liczb między rozgrywkami"}]} />


