---
sidebar_position: 2
#
# This file is autogenerated. DO NOT MODIFY DIRECTLY
#
---

import ScriptEventPreview from '@site/src/components/ScriptEventPreview';

# Scena

## Scena: zmień scenę (teleport)
Transition to a new scene with player at a specified position and direction. A connection line will be drawn between the source of the event and the destination scene with an icon appearing at the destination position. It's possible to drag this icon around and between scenes to modify the event.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Scena: zmień scenę (teleport)"} fields={[{"key":"sceneId","label":"Scena","description":"The scene to transition to.","type":"scene","defaultValue":"LAST_SCENE"},{"type":"group","fields":[{"key":"x","label":"X","description":"The initial player horizontal position in the new scene.","type":"number","min":0,"max":255,"defaultValue":0,"width":"50%"},{"key":"y","label":"Y","description":"The initial player vertical position in the new scene.","type":"number","min":0,"max":255,"defaultValue":0,"width":"50%"}]},{"key":"direction","label":"Kierunek","description":"The initial player direction.","type":"direction","width":"50%","defaultValue":""},{"key":"fadeSpeed","label":"Szybkość przejścia","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2","width":"50%"}]} />

- **Scena**: The scene to transition to.  
- **X**: The initial player horizontal position in the new scene.  
- **Y**: The initial player vertical position in the new scene.  
- **Kierunek**: The initial player direction.  
- **Szybkość przejścia**: The speed of the fade animation.  

## Scena: wyczyść stan pamięci
Remove all scenes from the scene stack without leaving the current scene.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Scena: wyczyść stan pamięci"} fields={[{"label":"Wyczyszczenie pamięci z zapamiętanych układów scen."}]} />


## Scena: wczytaj pierwszą z pamięci
Transition to the very first scene stored on the stack, for instance if you had multiple levels of menu scenes you could use this to imediately return to the game scene. This event will cause the scene stack to become empty.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Scena: wczytaj pierwszą z pamięci"} fields={[{"label":"Wczytanie układu scen z pamięci."},{"type":"break"},{"key":"fadeSpeed","label":"Szybkość przejścia","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2","width":"50%"}]} />

- **Szybkość przejścia**: The speed of the fade animation.  

## Scena: wczytaj scenę z pamięci
Transition to the last stored scene from the scene stack using the specified fade speed. The previous scene will then be removed from the stack so the next time this event is used it will transition to the scene before that.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Scena: wczytaj scenę z pamięci"} fields={[{"label":"Wczytanie ostatniego układu sceny."},{"type":"break"},{"key":"fadeSpeed","label":"Szybkość przejścia","description":"The speed of the fade animation.","type":"fadeSpeed","defaultValue":"2","width":"50%"}]} />

- **Szybkość przejścia**: The speed of the fade animation.  

## Scena: zapisz scenę do pamięci
Store the current scene and player state on to the scene stack, this allows you to return to this exact location later using the Scene Restore events. A common use of this event would be to include in a script just before a Change Scene event to open a menu scene, in the menu scene you could wait for the player to press a close button and then use the Restore Previous From Stack event to return to where the player opened the menu.
<ScriptEventPreview title={"Scena: zapisz scenę do pamięci"} fields={[{"label":"Zapisanie układu sceny do pamięci"}]} />


